
**Playwright Framework Structure**

1. POM (Page Object Model)
    * The Pages folder is used to store all page files.
    * Each page file contains locators, URLs, login functions, and page-specific other functionalities.
2. Playwright Config File
    * Used to set default timeout and browser settings.
    * Configurations can be updated as per project requirements.
3. Package.json File
    * Contains scripts to run different types of tests like smoke, integration, and e2e.
4. Package-lock.json File
    * Stores detailed information about Playwright version, dependencies, and Node modules.
5. .env File
    * Stores environment variables such as URLs, usernames, and passwords.
6. Utils/Utilities Folder
    * Contains reusable methods.
    * Includes functions to fetch data from Excel files.
7. Test Files
    * These are the main execution files where test cases and assertions are written.
    * Example: example.spec.js
    * We directly call page locators and methods from the Pages folder.
8. Test Data Folder
    * Stores test data files like Excel and JSON.
9. Fixture Folder
    * Contains JSON files with common data like URLs, usernames, and passwords.
10. Report Generation
    * Playwright has built-in report generation.
    * Allure Reports are also integrated for advanced reporting.
    * Commands:
        * Playwright report → npx playwright show-report
        * Allure report → npx allure generate allure-results --clean && npx allure open
11. Git Ignore (.gitignore)
    * Excludes unnecessary files/folders from Git.
    * Example:node_modules/
    * /test-results/
    * /playwright-report/
    * /blob-report/
    * /playwright/.cache/
    * /Playwright/downloads
12. Failing tests debugging utility : 
    * For all the failing tests there will be a screenshot, a video and a trace view available in the playwright report by default at the end of the complete test run. This will help us find the exact point in the execution process that requires debugging and review to help us pass the test.
    * The screenshots and videos are not available in case the test passes successfully, but we can change these settings in the playwright config file, is required.
13. Playwright Test Report :
    * After each test run a Playwright test report is generated by default.
    * This report can be accessed by executing the command "npx playwright show-report" in the terminal.
    * Each playwright report describes the below points for each test run by default : 
        * The total number of tests run in the complete test run.
        * The total number of tests passed in the complete test run.
        * The total number of tests failed in the complete test run.
        * The total number of tests appearing flaky while test run.
        * The total number of tests skipped while test run.
        * The date and time of the test run when started executing and the total time it took for the complete test suite to finish executing all the test files.
        * The browser which was used for executing the complete test run.
        * If there are more than one browsers used for executing all the tests, then the name of each browser is mentioned against each test name.
        * Each test file along with all the tests included in the test file is mentioned in the respective tab (All, Passed, Failed) in the report.
        * Each test is known by the name by which it is described in the written test cases. And each test is also represented by the test file it is written inside.


Commands
* Run a test file:npx playwright test filename
* Run integration tests (headed mode optional):npx playwright test '@integration' test_name.spec.js --headed
* Run tests in headed mode (view application while execution):npx playwright test test_name.spec.js --headed
* Run all the tests with "smoke" tag in headed mode : npm run test:smoke
* Run all the tests with "regression" tag in headed mode : npm run test:regression
* Run all the tests in only chrome browser in serial execution in headed mode : npm run test:chromium
* Run all the failed tests from the last test run in headed mode : npm run test:failed
* Show the playwright in-built report for the last test run : npm run test:pw-report
* Show the allure reports for the last test run : npm run test:allure-report
* To run the tests in parts, such as out of a group of 20 tests you want to run only the first 5 tests in headed mode, we can execute the following command : npx playwright test --shard=1/4 --headed
* To run the next 5 tests in headed mode, we can execute the following command : npx playwright test --shard=2/4 --headed